TimeLog.md, before:

# Time Log

| Date | Task(s) | Hours | Notes |
|------ | -------|-------|-------|
| 1/20/16 | Set up project repository, brainstormed project ideas | .75  |     |
| 1/25/16 | Decided on project, worked on problem statement | .75 |      |
| 1/26/16 | Started Project Plan, working on journal entry | .75 | |
| 1/26/16 | IntelliJ Reading on Git | 1 | For Class |
| 1/27/16 | Rest of Week 2 readings | 1.5 | For Class |
| 1/28/16 | OpenShift Setup and Deployment | 1 | For Class |
| 1/31/16 | Work on rough screen design | 1 | |
| 2/02/16 | Documenting screen design for Project | 1 | |
| 2/02/16 | Getting Started with week 2 exercises | 2 | For Class |
| 2/02/16 | Working on List Exercises | 1.25 | For Class |
| 2/02/16 | Working on Map Exercises | 2.5 | For Class |
| 2/03/16 | Completing Class 3 Readings | 1 | For Class |
| 2/03/16 | Created IntelliJ Project | .5 | |
| 2/03/16 | Sketching out Database Design | .5 | |
| 2/05/16 | Readings for Week 4 | 1 | For Class |
| 2/08/16 | Starting on Hiberate | 1 | |
| 2/09/16 | Implement User Hibernate DAO with Logging and Testing | 8 | |
| 2/10/16 | Updating Journal, TimeLog, Project Plan | 1 | |
| 2/10/16 | Documenting Database Design | .5 | |
| 2/10/16 | Fixing git issue related to pushing changes | .5 | |
| 2/14/16 | Fixing typo in tests and adding temporarily solution to database population issue | .5 | |
| 2/16/16 | Team Code Reviews | 2.5 | |
| 2/17/16 | Installing JSTL JARS | 2 | |
| 2/17/16 | Fixing Tomcat and confirming JSTL works | 1.5 | |
| 2/18/16 | Implementing/Debugging Login | 3 | |
| 2/22/16 | Adding second security role | 1 | |
| 2/22/16 | Creating testing database | .5 | |
| 2/23/16 | Implementing new JSP structure | 1 | |
| 2/23/16 | Debugging broken links due to recent file system move | 1 | |
| 2/24/16 | Fixing Tomee configuration issue due to file system move | .5 | |
| 2/24/16 | Adding JSPs | 2 | |
| 3/1/16 | Attempting Gradle Implementation | 9 | |
| 3/1/16 | Implementing Gradle | 3 | |
| 3/3/16 | Updating Database Design | 1 | |
| 3/4/16 | Working on Presentation | 1 | |
| 3/5/16 | Working on Presentation | 3 | |
| 3/6/16 | Working on Presentation | 3 | |
| 3/7/16 | Working on Presentation | .5 | |
| 3/8/16 | Working on Presentation | 2 | |
| 3/9/16 | Practicing and Tightening up Presentation | 1 | |
| 3/9/16 | Creating Database Table | 1.5 | |
| 3/9/16 | Adding logic to page titles | 2 |
| 3/22/16 | Working on screen scraping for team project | 3 |
| 3/27/16 | Renaming war output and adding last test database | 1 |
| 3/27/16 | Working on Language DAO and fixing left over packaging issues from Gradle implementation | 1.5 |
| 3/28/16 | Fixing Primary Key Database issues and starting testing on Language DAO | 1 | 
| 3/28/16 | Researching and starting implementation on generic DAO design pattern| 3 |
| 3/29/16 | Consolidating DAOs and debugging DAO tests | 4 |
| 3/30/16 | Deploying Databases to OpenShift | 3 |
| 4/5/16 | Working on Team Project | 2.5 |
| 4/6/16 | Working on Team Project | .5 |
| 4/6/16 | Hitting my head on javax.servlet.annotation package | 2 |
| 4/7/16 | Fixing log4j configuration | 2 |
| 4/14/16 | Displaying languages using servlet | 2 |
| 4/16/16 | Researching Restful Routes and working on Languages servlet | 2 |
| 4/19/16 | Working on Languages Servlet | 1 |
| 4/26/16 | Working on Presentation | 2 |
| 4/26/16 | Working on Languages Servlet - Delete functionality | 1 |
| 4/26/16 | Reworking url encoding for html special characters | .5 |
| 4/28/16 | Fixing path issue of second trip around | 1 |
| 4/29/16 | Adding Types to database and working on TypesDao | 1.25 |
| 4/29/16 | Working on TopicsDao and relationships | 2.5 |
| 4/30/16 | Working on databases and hooking up add Concept servlet | 7 |
| 5/1/16 | Working on displaying concepts on language page | 2 |
| 5/1/16 | Creating a TopicService Class to move some repetitive elements to utility class | 1 |
| 5/1/16 | Creating new term servlet and debugging forward url | 2 |
| 5/1/16 | Working on Topic Show all action | 1 |
| 5/2/16 | Working on new Algorithm action | 1 |
| 5/3/16 | Working on show Algorithm action and debugging DAO | 5 |
| 5/4/16 | Working on Topics Delete and debugging Hibernate | 1.5 |
| 5/4/16 | Working on Topics Update | 1.5 |
| 5/4/16 | Implemented random.org for the web service requirement | 1.5 |
| 5/5/16 | Implemented web service on show Algorithm page and fixed Delete Language bug | 2 |
| 5/5/16 | Discussing Feedback and removingFindById and Name from Implemented DAOs | 1 |
| 5/9/16 | Creating Language and Kata Servlets | 2.5 |

Commit message:

wiring up design pattern show update and delete

TimeLog.md, after:

# Time Log

| Date | Task(s) | Hours | Notes |
|------ | -------|-------|-------|
| 1/20/16 | Set up project repository, brainstormed project ideas | .75  |     |
| 1/25/16 | Decided on project, worked on problem statement | .75 |      |
| 1/26/16 | Started Project Plan, working on journal entry | .75 | |
| 1/26/16 | IntelliJ Reading on Git | 1 | For Class |
| 1/27/16 | Rest of Week 2 readings | 1.5 | For Class |
| 1/28/16 | OpenShift Setup and Deployment | 1 | For Class |
| 1/31/16 | Work on rough screen design | 1 | |
| 2/02/16 | Documenting screen design for Project | 1 | |
| 2/02/16 | Getting Started with week 2 exercises | 2 | For Class |
| 2/02/16 | Working on List Exercises | 1.25 | For Class |
| 2/02/16 | Working on Map Exercises | 2.5 | For Class |
| 2/03/16 | Completing Class 3 Readings | 1 | For Class |
| 2/03/16 | Created IntelliJ Project | .5 | |
| 2/03/16 | Sketching out Database Design | .5 | |
| 2/05/16 | Readings for Week 4 | 1 | For Class |
| 2/08/16 | Starting on Hiberate | 1 | |
| 2/09/16 | Implement User Hibernate DAO with Logging and Testing | 8 | |
| 2/10/16 | Updating Journal, TimeLog, Project Plan | 1 | |
| 2/10/16 | Documenting Database Design | .5 | |
| 2/10/16 | Fixing git issue related to pushing changes | .5 | |
| 2/14/16 | Fixing typo in tests and adding temporarily solution to database population issue | .5 | |
| 2/16/16 | Team Code Reviews | 2.5 | |
| 2/17/16 | Installing JSTL JARS | 2 | |
| 2/17/16 | Fixing Tomcat and confirming JSTL works | 1.5 | |
| 2/18/16 | Implementing/Debugging Login | 3 | |
| 2/22/16 | Adding second security role | 1 | |
| 2/22/16 | Creating testing database | .5 | |
| 2/23/16 | Implementing new JSP structure | 1 | |
| 2/23/16 | Debugging broken links due to recent file system move | 1 | |
| 2/24/16 | Fixing Tomee configuration issue due to file system move | .5 | |
| 2/24/16 | Adding JSPs | 2 | |
| 3/1/16 | Attempting Gradle Implementation | 9 | |
| 3/1/16 | Implementing Gradle | 3 | |
| 3/3/16 | Updating Database Design | 1 | |
| 3/4/16 | Working on Presentation | 1 | |
| 3/5/16 | Working on Presentation | 3 | |
| 3/6/16 | Working on Presentation | 3 | |
| 3/7/16 | Working on Presentation | .5 | |
| 3/8/16 | Working on Presentation | 2 | |
| 3/9/16 | Practicing and Tightening up Presentation | 1 | |
| 3/9/16 | Creating Database Table | 1.5 | |
| 3/9/16 | Adding logic to page titles | 2 |
| 3/22/16 | Working on screen scraping for team project | 3 |
| 3/27/16 | Renaming war output and adding last test database | 1 |
| 3/27/16 | Working on Language DAO and fixing left over packaging issues from Gradle implementation | 1.5 |
| 3/28/16 | Fixing Primary Key Database issues and starting testing on Language DAO | 1 | 
| 3/28/16 | Researching and starting implementation on generic DAO design pattern| 3 |
| 3/29/16 | Consolidating DAOs and debugging DAO tests | 4 |
| 3/30/16 | Deploying Databases to OpenShift | 3 |
| 4/5/16 | Working on Team Project | 2.5 |
| 4/6/16 | Working on Team Project | .5 |
| 4/6/16 | Hitting my head on javax.servlet.annotation package | 2 |
| 4/7/16 | Fixing log4j configuration | 2 |
| 4/14/16 | Displaying languages using servlet | 2 |
| 4/16/16 | Researching Restful Routes and working on Languages servlet | 2 |
| 4/19/16 | Working on Languages Servlet | 1 |
| 4/26/16 | Working on Presentation | 2 |
| 4/26/16 | Working on Languages Servlet - Delete functionality | 1 |
| 4/26/16 | Reworking url encoding for html special characters | .5 |
| 4/28/16 | Fixing path issue of second trip around | 1 |
| 4/29/16 | Adding Types to database and working on TypesDao | 1.25 |
| 4/29/16 | Working on TopicsDao and relationships | 2.5 |
| 4/30/16 | Working on databases and hooking up add Concept servlet | 7 |
| 5/1/16 | Working on displaying concepts on language page | 2 |
| 5/1/16 | Creating a TopicService Class to move some repetitive elements to utility class | 1 |
| 5/1/16 | Creating new term servlet and debugging forward url | 2 |
| 5/1/16 | Working on Topic Show all action | 1 |
| 5/2/16 | Working on new Algorithm action | 1 |
| 5/3/16 | Working on show Algorithm action and debugging DAO | 5 |
| 5/4/16 | Working on Topics Delete and debugging Hibernate | 1.5 |
| 5/4/16 | Working on Topics Update | 1.5 |
| 5/4/16 | Implemented random.org for the web service requirement | 1.5 |
| 5/5/16 | Implemented web service on show Algorithm page and fixed Delete Language bug | 2 |
| 5/5/16 | Discussing Feedback and removingFindById and Name from Implemented DAOs | 1 |
| 5/9/16 | Creating Design-Patterns and Kata Servlets | 2.5 |
| 5/10/16 | Hooking up Create and Showall Design Pattern | 1 |
